hi its fellow Bangkok just here at the
jicama Mediplex building it's a Bangkok
Mediplex building sorry inside the true
coffee café just here doing some
internet stuff and just had asked them
some more stuff about my phone I've said
my true mobile plan with them as well as
Internet a little bit data package so
what I do is I tether my phone like this
actually I can use their Wi-Fi in here
but I'm for some reason today their
Wi-Fi is not that good because I got a
free Wi-Fi account so I'm tendering my
phone and using it like a modem and it's
a little bit faster but actually this
message is also for Joyce she's going to
be coming up to Bangkok and to visit for
Christmas so she wanted to know about
the terms of doing the mobile internet
on our laptop so again to Joy's we can
do two things you can either get a phone
and put a sim card in and Heather like
I'm doing or you can do an air card and
I'm actually thinking the air card is
probably the best because like let's say
for true here you can get these data
packages and so on I got a daily or or
you know up to 30 days and so on
but you still need to buy the USB stick
which is going to be a vote you know
3,000 baht or a hundred dollars u.s.
what I'm thinking is the a is here they
have their current here that's a 3g 7.2
megabits per cent second it's 3190 bond
but the nice thing is going to see here
you get 1 gig of 3g plus 100 megs of 2g
for a total of eleven hundred megabytes
that's valid for six months so so that
might be another alternative there it's
because you buy them you get the USB
stick plus the sim card all together in
a package least that's what I believe
from what reading this and you can get
the one that's less of megabits per
second but it's the price difference is
not that much is so they're like this is
only four hundred baht which is like
eleven dollars
so yeah so check that out I'll put the
links on on the video as well and yeah I
think that might be the better
alternative for you because I know with
true their 3g network is good in the
major parts but as for wha hand I'm not
too sure if I know that a is they
definitely have good coverage i was
using some of their mobile internet up
in smaller towns north of here and it
seemed to work ok but yeah i'll post
that up for you there and take a look
through and and yeah if there's any
other questions just email me anyways
yet so just going to head off soon and
probably catch some dinner somewhere and
probably film that but please do check
out my other videos as well as you can
do me a favor and click the like button
and yeah do leave any comments or
questions or suggestions as well you
know I'm there that little doobly-doo
down below the
the video there but anyways I have great
dangers